fix: Availability changes in Koenkk/zigbee2mqtt#26811 (#3679)
Koenkk/zigbee2mqtt.io: docs/guide/configuration/device-availability.md

    enabled: true
```

The availability feature works differently for active and passive devices, since passive devices cannot be pinged.

- Active devices (_non battery-powered_): by default they have to check-in\*\* every 10 minutes.
  If they don't, they will be pinged, if that fails the device will be marked as `offline`.
- Passive devices (_battery-powered_): by default they have to check-in\*\* every 25 hours.
  If they don't they will be marked as `offline`.

Note that this timeout is persisted between Zigbee2MQTT restarts. So if you for example stop Zigbee2MQTT for longer than 10
minutes, all your active devices will be marked as `offline` initially until they check-in\*\* again.

> \*\* A check-in is any kind of device-initiated update that reaches Zigbee2MQTT (even internal updates that are not displayed/reported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*\* A check-in is any kind of Zigbee message of the device that reaches Zigbee2MQTT (even internal updates that are not displayed/reported).
```

This might be easier to understand for users
